add the second article for the bitbucket-jenkins integration (#1339)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-ci/bitbuket-jenkins-pipeline-projects.md

---
tags:
  - Bitbucket
  - Jenkins
  - Pipeline projects
description: Setting up pipeline Jenkins projects for Bitbucket repositories
---

> # Setting up pipeline Jenkins projects for Bitbucket repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up pipeline Jenkins projects for Bitbucket repositories
```

## Requirements

> Follow [this guide](https://semgrep.dev/docs/kb/semgrep-ci/bitbucket-triggering-events-to-jenkins/) to setup triggering events from Bitbucket to Jenkins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you have set up [triggering events from Bitbucket to Jenkins](https://semgrep.dev/docs/kb/semgrep-ci/bitbucket-triggering-events-to-jenkins/).
```

> ## Creating a Jenkins pipeline project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Jenkins pipeline project
```
@sebasrevuelta We **very** recently started using "simple present verbs" over "-ing" verbs, just an FYI. We're still in the process of updating the older documentation.

Steps:

> 1. From the **Jenkins Dashboard** click on create a **New Item**, type a project name and select the **Pipeline** option.

Reviewer: Resolving as fixed.
